c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\View\GameView.xbf
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\VilleManagementStudio.exe
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\VilleManagementStudio.pdb
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\VilleManagementStudio.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\GameView.g.i.cs
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\GameView.g.cs
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\GameView.xaml
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\GameView.xbf
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\VilleManagementStudio.exe
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\VilleManagementStudio.pdb
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Fabrice\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\View\CityView.xbf
C:\Users\Fabrice\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\CityView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Fabrice\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\CityView.g.cs
C:\Users\Fabrice\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\CityView.xaml
C:\Users\Fabrice\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\CityView.xbf
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\View\CreditView.xbf
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\CreditView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\CreditView.g.cs
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\CreditView.xaml
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\CreditView.xbf
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\bin\Debug\View\PlayerSettingView.xbf
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\PlayerSettingView.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\PlayerSettingView.g.cs
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\PlayerSettingView.xaml
C:\Users\Fabrice\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VilleManagementStudio\VilleManagementStudio\obj\Debug\View\PlayerSettingView.xbf
